master: add LATERAL derived tables documentation (#23123)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

+ "Session Tracker: Add GTIDs context to the OK packet"
+ Descending Index [#2519](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/2519)
+ `SKIP LOCKED` syntax [#18207](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18207)

> + Lateral derived tables (TiDB supports parsing [the `LATERAL` derived table syntax](/lateral-derived-tables.md) but does not support executing it) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Lateral derived tables (TiDB supports parsing [the `LATERAL` derived table syntax](/lateral-derived-tables.md) but does not support executing queries that use this syntax) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328)
```

> + Lateral derived tables (TiDB supports parsing the syntax but does not support executing it) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328). For syntax details, see [LATERAL derived tables](/lateral-derived-tables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Lateral derived tables (TiDB supports parsing [the `LATERAL` derived table syntax](/lateral-derived-tables.md) but does not support executing it) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328)
```

+ "Session Tracker: Add GTIDs context to the OK packet"
+ Descending Index [#2519](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/2519)
+ `SKIP LOCKED` syntax [#18207](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18207)

> + Lateral derived tables (TiDB supports parsing the syntax but does not support executing it) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328). For syntax details, see [LATERAL derived tables](/lateral-derived-tables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Lateral derived tables (TiDB supports parsing the syntax but does not support executing it) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328). For syntax details, see [LATERAL derived tables](/lateral-derived-tables.md).
+ JOIN ON subquery [#11414](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/11414)
```
